---
Sweave2RMD
---

Sweave2Rmd is a project to convert all [Bioconductor](https://bioconductor.org)
Sweave vignettes to Rmd.

See the project [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/nJHqzR1j/bioconductor-vignettes-rnw-rmd-project)
for vignettes that need converting and the [Github Project](https://github.com/orgs/Bioconductor/projects/2)
for the status of vignettes being converted.

If you'd like to volunteer, see contribute.Rmd.

If you're a Bioconductor maintainer who needs help converting to `.Rmd`,
open an issue in your repository and ask `@Bioconductor/sweave2rmd` for
help converting.

This project follows the [Bioconductor Code of
Conduct](https://bioconductor.github.io/bioc_coc_multilingual/).

---
How to Use the Project Document
---

* On the project board, select a vignette and set the Status to In Progress. Also, write your GitHub username under Assigned and set Last Modified to today.

* Search for the package on BiocViews.

* Click on the package to visit its landing page.

* Under Documentation, find PDF of the vignette you selected in 
* step 1. You can see the name of the PDF by inspecting its URL. 
    + Use the content of the PDF as your guide when you create the R Markdown file. 
    + The content of the HTML generated by knitting the R Markdown file.
    + should closely match the contents of the PDF.


```
Under Details, find the URL to the repository.
```

---
After making a contribution
---

1. Remove the Sweave file with git rm file.Rnw and commit the change with git commit -m 'Remove file.Rnw'.

2. Push your branch back to GitHub with git push origin file-rmd.

3. On github.com, go to your forked repository and create a pull request.

4. On the project board, set the Status to PR Made and update Last Modified.

   + Give us time to review your pull request.

   + If your reviewer or the maintainer leaves any comments, address them until your pull request is ready to merge. Repeating 14-17 and 19 as necessary.

```
Review a Pull Request.
```

